TODO:

	NECESSARY FOR JAM!!!!!!!:
		NEW THING:
			Powerup snoods - Hit them directly and they give you some powerup. (not if they get knocked down in a hanging chunk though)
				- Knock down surrounding snoods
					and connected snoods to each of the six. Gives points too obviously.
				- Give you a bomb to shoot (or just is a bomb and blows up surrounding snoods?)
				- Give you a guideline for rest of level (or a few shots?)
				- ???
				- DONE - Instantly raise the wall up a notch (unless at top already)
			Bad snoods - Opposite of powerups.
				- Pop up random new snoods around the board
					or, randomize board, possibly with no similar snoods touching?
				- DONE - Fuck up your aim for the next shot
					Random direction instead of where you point. Have the gun start randomly wobbling back and forth at random speed so it's hard to shoot.
				- DONE - Instantly drop the wall down a notch

	Design actual levels!
		Like ten?

	Balance scoring system
		Shouldn't ever get more for using more snoods, balance SnoodUsePenalty with level score.
		Balance danger bar too.
			Maybe different fill rates for different levels?

	SFX/Music!!!!!!
		Make own? Use assets?

	Decide on a name
		Use the word "Snood"? Is that legal?

	Better art/animations in general
		Theme? Cat faces or something?
		Make own or use assets?
		At least do little robot reloader thing.

	Random levels (with seed)
		Show seed on board/let users choose seed.
		Separate High scores for random?
		Have difficulties?
			Separate high scores for them too?
			Difficulty affects:
				Width of board
				Rate of fill for danger bar
				Frequency of powerups/bad snoods
				Have an auto-shoot timer on hard difficulties.

	Make guide-line for aiming
		Have option to turn it on/off in options menu.


BUGS:
	Sometimes when you hit the very edge with a snood, it disappears but must get stored somewhere because
		then you can't finish the level even when it looks clear.

	When dropping down the board, BottomLimit doesn't detect the static body snood tiles.
		Detects the static body walls, and the rigidbody flying snoods.
		Use raycast from left to right wall instead?

	FIXED - Snoods occasionally take an already taken spot after getting CorrectForSides()ed.
		Possibly fix by speeding up physics tick rate?
		Or could code a fix but that might be sloppy and difficult.
		Physics tick rate at 120 seems to fix it.


Probably not enough time:

	Get rid of tiles and just use snoods for everything.
		Probably not worth the effort, only gonna add a few more at this point.

	Do interactive soundtrack.
		Have song separated out into different tracks.
		Start with just light sounds, like flutes or whatever.
		As the board gets closer to the bottom, add more intense tracks, like drums and bass and scary sounds.
		Maybe even have a beat switch from a cute little nintendoey swing bop to a doomy thumping beat.
